c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\ServiceLayer.dll.config
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\ServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\ServiceLayer.pdb
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\DocsByReflection.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\HelperSharp.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\WebApiProxy.Core.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\WebApiProxy.Server.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\WebApiProxy.Tasks.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\DocsByReflection.pdb
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\DocsByReflection.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\HelperSharp.pdb
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\HelperSharp.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\obj\Release\ServiceLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\obj\Release\ServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\pavankumar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PhaniResume\ServiceLayer\obj\Release\ServiceLayer.pdb
